samples: fast_pair: input_device: Update sysworkq stack size (#12790)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added automatic switching to the Fast Pair not discoverable advertising mode with the hide UI indication instead of removing the Fast Pair advertising payload when all bond slots are taken.
  * Fixed an issue where the sample was unable to advertise in Fast Pair not discoverable advertising mode when it had five Account Keys written.
  * Renamed the sample to :ref:`fast_pair_input_device` and moved it to the :file:`samples/bluetooth/fast_pair` folder.

>   * Increased the system workqueue stack size (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SYSTEM_WORKQUEUE_STACK_SIZE`) to ``1200`` to prevent stack overflows right after boot on nRF5340 DK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Increased the system workqueue stack size (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SYSTEM_WORKQUEUE_STACK_SIZE`) to ``1200`` to prevent stack overflows right after booting the nRF5340 DK.
```
